In this course, we'll mainly be using
the AWS Console to interact the different services in AWS.
We'll be exploring many different services,
and most of the usage that will cover and
consume throughout this course will be covered by the AWS Free Tier.
To take as quick look or through some of the AWS Console,
you should have a AWS account.
If you don't already can sign up for one at aws.amazon.com,
and we'll be looking at several different services.
To highlight a few of them,
this is the EC2 Console,
where you go to create EC2 instances.
Looking at the VPC service,
this is where we'll spend some time looking through VPCs networking,
and the different options for network access,
both internal and external to your AWS VPCs and networking.
We'll also spend some time looking at DynamoDB,
Amazons non-relational database service, and also S3.
Amazon servers for object storage,
these are buckets where we can put objects files.
We'll be looking at a lot of different options within S3,
the different storage tiers and different components,
and features that make up S3.